CGI::Widget::Tabs, version 1.2
==============================



DESCRIPTION

CGI::Widget::Tabs lets you simulate tab widgets in HTML. You
could benefit from tabs if you want to serve only one page.
Depending on the tab selected you fetch and display the
underlying data. There are two main reasons for taking this
approach:

1. For the end user not to be directed to YAL or YAP (yet another
link / yet another page), but keep it all together: The single
point of entry paradigm.

2. For the Perl hacker to generate and display multiple data
sources within the same script environment.

The nice thing about CGI::Widget::Tabs is that the tabs now their
internal state. So you can ask a tab for instance which tab page
is highlighted. This way you get direct feedback on what the user
clicked.



EXAMPLES

     __________      __________      ____________      _______
    / Software \    / Hardware \    / Lease Cars \    / Xerox \
-------------------------------------------------------------------


     __________________      _________      ___________
    / Personal Details \    / Pension \    / Insurance \
------------------------------------------------------------


These trivial examples could be used in for instance a
maintenance application or a human resources application.



DOCUMENTATION

The documentation is included in the module. You can read it's
manpage after installation with `man CGI::Widget::Tabs'. If you
prefer you can read the documentation before installation with
`perldoc ./Tabs.pm'



DEPENDENCIES

- CGI, CGI::Minimal or another CGI "object broker"
  with the param() method and with similar behaviour
- HTML::Entities
- URI
- A CSS style sheet for the tabs markup



INSTALLATION

To install this module type the following:

perl Makefile.PL
make
make test
make install



DOWNLOAD

The latest version of CGI::Widget::Tabs is always available from
the CGI::Widget::Tabs homepage at:
http://users.raketnet.nl/koos_pol/en/Tabs/index.html



COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

Copyright (c) 2002 Koos Pol. All rights reserved.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the same terms as Perl itself.



CHANGES

These changes are against the previous version.  For a complete
history log, see the file 'CHANGES' in the distribution.

1.2 (2002-08-16)
-----------------------------
- CGI::Tabs has adopted the namespace CGI::Widget::Tabs. To
  create a new tab object, now issue the statements:
      use CGI::Widget::Tabs;
      $tab = CGI::Widget::Tabs->new();

- Added the ->render() method (suggestions from
  Bodo Eing <eingb@uni-muenster.de>)

- Minor documentation changes

- Made it's first public appearance on CPAN
  (http://cpan.perl.org)

